feat(curriculum): add string method workshop (#66936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-validator/6a86be3e8cc29e9ae239e70a.md

---
id: 6a86be3e8cc29e9ae239e70a
title: Step 18
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

You might also need to check how a string ends. Python provides the `.endswith()` method for this. It returns `True` if the string ends with the given suffix, otherwise it returns `False`.

Here's an example:

> 

Reviewer: Missing example code block. Also partial instructions

# --hints--

You should create a variable named `ends_with_com`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_variable('ends_with_com')`)) })
```

> You should use `.endswith('.com')` on `clean_email` to assign `ends_with_com` a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `.endswith('.com')` on `clean_email` and assign the result to the `ends_with_com` variable.
```

---
id: 6a86be3e8cc29e9ae239e70a
title: Step 18
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

You might also need to check how a string ends. Python provides the `.endswith()` method for this. It returns `True` if the string ends with the given suffix, otherwise it returns `False`.

Here's an example:

```python
code = 'EMP-001'
print(code.endswith('001')) # True
print(code.endswith('EMP')) # True
```

> Create a variable `ends_with_com` that checks if `clean_email` ends with `'.com'`

Reviewer 2: `'EMP-001'.endswith('EMP')` returns `False`, so this example currently contradicts the "otherwise it returns `False`" sentence above it. This also switches the fence to `py` to match the rest of the workshop, and adds the missing period at the end of the instruction.

`````suggestion
```py
code = 'EMP-001'
print(code.endswith('001')) # True
print(code.endswith('EMP')) # False
```

Create a variable `ends_with_com` that checks if `clean_email` ends with `'.com'`.
`````

---
id: 6a86be3e8cc29e9ae239e70a
title: Step 18
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

You might also need to check how a string ends. Python provides the `.endswith()` method for this. It returns `True` if the string ends with the given suffix, otherwise it returns `False`.

Here's an example:

```python
code = 'EMP-001'
print(code.endswith('EMP')) # False
print(code.endswith('001')) # True
```

> Create a variable `ends_with_com` that checks if `clean_email` ends with `.com`.

Reviewer 2: "named", see the step 7 note.

```suggestion
Create a variable named `ends_with_com` that checks whether `clean_email` ends with `.com`.
```
